Readability improvements & fixes. (#7)
UoB-CSA/setup-guides: go-install/linux.md

# Setup instructions for Linux

1. Run the following commands in terminal:

```

> wget https://dl.google.com/go/go1.14.3.linux-amd64.tar.gz
> sudo tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.14.3.linux-amd64.tar.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wget https://dl.google.com/go/go1.15.1.linux-amd64.tar.gz
sudo tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.15.1.linux-amd64.tar.gz
```

```

2. Open your `.bashrc` file by running `gedit ~/.bashrc` in terminal. Add the following lines to the bottom of the file:

```
export GOPATH="$HOME/go"
export PATH="$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin:$GOPATH/bin"
```

1. Save the file and exit.

2. Close and re-open any terminal windows.

> 3. Verify your installation with the command `go version`. The version should be `1.14.3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verify your installation with the command `go version`. The version **will be `1.15.1`**.
```
